POLAFFINI, Release 1.0 (c) 2023, AINOSTICS Limited, C/O Pomegranate, 3 Hardman Square, Spinningfields, Manchester, England, M3 3EB. (the "Software").

The Software remains the property of AINOSTICS Limited ("the Company").

The methods implemented in the Software are protected through patents filed by the Company in various territories. For additional details regarding the patents, contact the Company at info@ainostics.com.

The Software is distributed "AS IS" under this Licence solely for non-commercial and non-clinical use. Clinical use includes deployment in clinical settings (including off-label use). Usage in non-commercial research projects that include one or more commercial partners, commercial sponsor or commercial funder is also prohibited without seeking prior permissions from the right holder. The Company makes clear that no condition is made or to be implied, nor is any warranty given or to be implied, as to the accuracy of the Software, or that it will be suitable for any particular purpose or for use under any specific conditions. Furthermore, the Company disclaims all responsibility for the use which is made of the Software. It further disclaims any liability for the outcomes arising from using the Software.

The Licensee agrees to indemnify the Company and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and liabilities asserted by third parties (including claims for negligence) which arise directly or indirectly from the use of the Software or the sale of any products based on the Software.

No part of the Software may be reproduced, modified, transmitted, translated, transferred, encoded, decoded, compiled, decompiled, encrypted, decrypted, disassemble. You are not permitted to create derivative works, in full or in parts and in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical. The Licensee is not permitted to derive or obtain source code from the Software, in whole or in part; or copy, reproduce, distribute, publicly display, or transmit the Software. This includes when the listed activities are done without financial returns. You may be held legally responsible for any copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to abide by these terms and conditions.

You are not permitted under this Licence to distribute, sublicense, rent, lease, or loan the Software and/or the Services, or any rights granted hereunder, to any third party or grant any third-party access to or use of the Software and/or the Services; transfer or assign all or part of the Software, or any rights granted hereunder, to any other third party; remove or alter any copyright, intellectual property, other proprietary notices, or labels.

You are not permitted under this Licence to use this Software commercially. Use for which any financial return or in-kind gains are received shall be defined as commercial use, and includes (1) integration of all or part of the source code or the Software into a product for sale or license by or on behalf of the Licensee to third parties or (2) use of the Software or any derivative of it for research with the final aim of developing software products for sale or license to a third party or (3) use of the Software or any derivative of it for research with the final aim of developing non-software products for sale or license to a third party, or (4) use of the Software to provide any service to an external organisation for which payment is received. If you are interested in using the Software commercially, please contact AINOSTICS Limited, to negotiate a licence. Contact details are: info@ainostics.com.
